Dad, the gift we sent is too shabby
I saw that the cost-effective group was willing to give us 50% of the profit
It shows that you still like the strength of our Jiang family.
As long as we get the cooperation of the group this time
Give another expensive gift
You're right.
Hey stop the invitation dad
What if we don't have an invitation letter?
We are a partner of Cost-effective Group
Do you need an invitation letter?
What partner?
You see clearly
This is Mr. Lu from Huacan Group
The cooperation agreement signed with me some time ago, hey.
What the hell?
first
This contract, Huacan, has been annulled. Second
You said you are the Jiang family
Unfortunately, the last time we ordered
Today all the relatives of the Jiang family and the Jiang family
Are responsible for entering